# RUCHIKA-LIC-INSURANCE
We are the best LIC policy advisor in Gurgaon, provide you the most suitable and customized plans as per your requirements. We take in account your financial commitments, responsibilities while suggesting you the best LIC policy in regards with premium, sum assured, maturity benefits etc. And what makes us best is our transparency, honesty and truthfulness, because we provide unbiased information about different policies and associated terms and conditions.   CHOOSE FROM THE BEST LIC POLICIES  -INVESTMENT PLAN An investment plan should foresee all events and ensure protection against them. Another significant criteria of a best LIC strategy is that it helps in duty saving as well. The Income Tax Department has certain principles under which an individual can save charge by putting resources into specific arrangements. -CHILD PLAN A decent youngster strategy is required for choosing best LIC policy for your little once.  This plan gives highlights to bear the cost of all futuristic events, be it schooling, higher education, marriage and hence this plan becomes significant part of parents responsibility towards their kids.  Girls are special, so we offer the best policy for girl child as well.  -PENSION PLAN Why do you need the pension plan? Well, the answer is simple, after certain age your health will deteriorate and monetary stress can further lead to horrible consequences hence it’s a no brainer that your require the best LIC policy as your Pension Plan.  A LIC annuity Plan is where you contribute some sum month to month for a time of a fixed number of years, and you get a fixed measure of return each month as benefits from LIC benefits plan, till you pass on. Not exclusively does the retirement plan assist you with getting the pay when you need it the most.  -LIC TERM PLAN The best favourable part of a term plan is that, it permits you to have a peaceful, relaxed and laid-back life, where you don't need to stress continually over the monetary security of your family after you aren’t around them. -HEALTH INSURANCE PLANS We recognize your specific necessities and put forth the best medical coverage which intend to cover you, your friends and family. A mediclaim strategy can be confusing in itself hence a perfect plan specifically made for an individual can avoid numerous issues from within the plan.   -LIC FAMILY PLAN We provide the best LIC family policy considering all the futuristic needs in account.   WHY CHOOSE RUCHIKA LIC INSURANCE  We provide complete guidance for policy selection as per your requirement simultaneously resolving all your queries. First understand completely what are you paying and for what are you paying, then take next step.  Take you through the complete documentation, administrative work and wellness registration that you need know, and audit the strategy choice to make the process clear. Intimation via SMS and email for paying next premium. Also adhere to provide help during the protection guarantee by dealing with the customers, organizing with the insurance agency and preparing the settlement.
